chore: `/tmp/greptimedb` to `./greptimedb_data` (#1633)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/enterprise/deployments/audit-logging.md

# Whether to enable audit logging, defaults to true.
enable = true

> # The directory to store the audit log files. Defaults to a directory in "/tmp".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# The directory to store the audit log files. Defaults to a directory in "./greptimedb_data/logs".
```
